# un_assignment

Take home Exam

You don't have to deploy the code to Azure, it just has to run locally. We will be running the code,
so please include instructions in a basic readme.

Use the Azurite emulator for local Azure Storage development.

You are expected to have a local git repo. Please include a proper comment so we can identify what is what (e.g. Part I.i beatgenerator endpoints )
You can commit out of order (for example, it would make sense to have the Unit test for question Part II.i to be done just after Part I.i)
Each answer must be a commit.
You are expected to use .NET 8


If you use code from other places (github,...), indicate their sources with a comment.
If you use any code assistance via LLM, also indicate it with a comment what was generated by it (and specify which LLM you used).

You will 
1) send the git folder only (not the source code) to us via email

After review, you might be invited to a MsTeams video call to:
1) present during 15mn how it works
2) answer a few questions about the code
3) be asked to modify a few things



Here are the requirements:
Part I: API

i) Write the following API endpoint /beatgenerator/{i}/{j} that accepts 2 parameters i and j
i must be superior to j  (if not, return HTTP code 400)

/beatgenerator/{i}/{j} will return a json array with the following values
for each number starting from i up to j,
if the number is a multiple of 4 the value will be "snare"
if the number is a multiple of 3 the value will be "kick"
and if the number is a multiple of both, so multiple of 12, the value will be "Hi-Hat"
for the rest the value will be "Low Floor Tom".

ii) add to the previous API server the end points /livez and /readyz
/livez returns 200 as soon as the server is 'alive'
/readyz should return 200 when the server is ready to accept request, 503 before that


iii) Add a configuration endpoint
 /configure/{i}/{text} 
 with i being either 1, 3,4 and 12 (which multiple to configure). Any other value will return HTTP 400
 and "text" being one of the following "snare","kick","Hi-Hat","Low Floor Tom","cymbal","Low-Mid Tom","Bass Drum". Any other value will return HTTP 400.
 1 corresponds to the "for the rest" option
 
 then make sure /beatgenerator/{i}/{j} returns what is configured
 
iv) implement a /reset endpoint that restores the default values from i)

Part II: Testing
i) write unit tests to ensure /generator/{i}/{j} is correctly implemented
ii) write unit tests to ensure /configure/ is correctly implemented

Part III: Azure Function
i) an Azure Function in C# that responds to HTTP requests.
    The point is to expose /beatgenerator
    
    
ii) A time-triggered Azure Function that triggers once in the morning (8h00), once for lunch (12h30), once at the end of the day (17h). Time is in UTC.
Each call will change the configuration:
8h00 has 1 "Bass Drum", 3 "kick", 4 "snare" and 12 "cymbal"
12h30 has 1 "Low-Mid Tom", 3 "snare", 4 "Hi-Hat" and 12 "cymbal"
17h resets